MutableQuote methods (#482)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/guide/price-authority.md

`amountIn` and `amountOut` are ERTP amounts for the `brandIn` and `brandOut` you
requested.

## Mutable price quotes

A `MutableQuote` object is the same as a `PriceQuote`, except that you can cancel it or

> change its trigger levels to specified values without requiring a second `Promise`. 

Reviewer: A `PriceQuote` is a record (has fields rather than methods), while `MutableQuote` is an object (methods, no fields).  `MutableQuote`'s method `getPromise()` returns a promise for a `PriceQuote`, which is the same Promise returned by `quoteWhenLTE()` and its siblings.

`amountIn` and `amountOut` are ERTP amounts for the `brandIn` and `brandOut` you
requested.

## Mutable price quotes

> A `PriceQuote` is a record (has fields rather than methods), while `MutableQuote` is
> an object (methods, no fields). `MutableQuote`'s method `getPromise(`) returns 
> a `Promise` for a `PriceQuote`, which is the same `Promise` returned by the `quoteWhenLTE()`
> API method and its siblings. 

Reviewer: Sorry, these words were me explaining to you, not me providing wording for the doc. I don't think the comparison to `PriceQuote` as a record belongs here.
```suggestion
A `MutableQuote` is an object. `MutableQuote`'s method `getPromise(`) returns 
a `Promise` for a `PriceQuote`, which serves the same purpose as the return value from `quoteWhenLTE()` etc. 
```

Author: I dunno. I think this might be significant enough to be worth including to make sure they realize this, as it affects how they think of/use the two? At the very least, I don't see any harm in including it, and it might do some good?

Reviewer: The description of priceQuote as a record is redundant with the paragraph just above: "Receiving a quote".  I'd prefer "is a record with an amount and a payment" over " is an amount, payment pair".  This section is about MutableQuotes, which are a different way of getting a priceQuote. It might make more sense to say that you can use quoteWhenGT and its ilk to get a priceQuote directly, or mutableQuoteWhenGT to get a reusable object.

## Mutable price quotes

`MutableQuote`'s method `getPromise(`) returns a `Promise` for a `PriceQuote`, 
which is the same `Promise` returned by the `quoteWhenLTE()` API method and its siblings. 
Effectively, the non-mutable price quote methods return a static `PriceQuote`, while
the mutable price quote methods return a reusable price quote object which can manipulated 

> by changing its trigger levels or cancelling it. 

Reviewer: `MutableQuote`'s method `getPromise()` returns a Promise for a `PriceQuote`,  which is the same as what is returned by the `quoteWhenLTE()` API method and variants.  Effectively, the non-mutable price quote methods return a single `PriceQuote`, while the mutable price quote methods return a reusable object which can be manipulated by changing its trigger levels or by cancelling it.

The backquote after getPromise shouldn't be inside the parens.
